and well, only to record the greetings
active looks and finally we're on
back with the playstation 3
painfully all the games that I
I had downloaded which touched me which
is it and a long time download
I do not have them now, I'm going to have to
download again
even the games maybe like
resident level 3 or 2 which you
they gave away for a limited time I do not know if
I can download them even if I can not
download I'm going to buy it
I'm going to say, I do not have any games
downloaded is precision
This is a new one but I have to
deactivate the other so I'm going to
carry so only for
inform you so far that if I could
retrieve the information and all but not
deactivating my account through the
computer but buying application 3
and going to the website that all of me
recommended and well, that's where
I could already
towards all this but I am of
turn everything well and only
let's hope everything is fine
point dedicated to see
do not worry because all the
games are saved
as I am as you look is the advantage of being
member of petition plus because my
items are stored in the cloud I
understands all the items of the
games are saved worry about everything
Battlefield 3 is saved
monegro lipo batman call of duty all
good session the maps are not only
saved you the 6 game and not a about
max payne do not worry max payne me
it will come second so soon
that only to go give it the good
news that we are back and I
I will dedicate to
upload gameplay download the games so
I say goodbye to hug and we see each other
the next gamers we are back